hey guys welcome to lingo marina today
we're gonna learn
vocabulary associated with the bathroom
and i am in an american bathroom and the
first thing
that i wanted to start with is something
that surprised me
in a lot of american bathrooms because
this is not a typical one
because this bathroom has a handheld
shower
this is a handheld shower you can hold
it in your hand there is also
a rain shower that comes from the
ceiling directly
normally in an american bathroom you
would only have
one type of shower which would come from
the wall
and you won't be able to take it with
your hand in a country where i come from
in russia normally we would have
a handheld shower so here remember
handheld shower and rain shower that's
in the ceiling she also has a rain
shower
and a sauna another thing that might be
interesting for you
if you are from europe the thing is
called
shower valve so in the u.s you would
have
two shower valves the first one this
handle would regulate where the water is
coming from whether it's from the shower
or another shower and you also
swish it on and switch it off and here
you regulate the temperature
so this is the temperature shower valve
also if we look here
again i mentioned this is not a typical
american bathroom because normally in
america you would have a
master bathroom that would have a full
bath and this is called
full bath you would have a guest
bathroom that would normally have a
shower again it's
really different everywhere in the u.s
really different depending on the state
here we have two bedrooms but just one
bathroom this is the first time i see
something like this in the us because
this is a flipped house
made especially for rentals and here we
have this bath
and here we have this bath valve that
regulates the bath
and we have the temperature valve this
is the bathtub
but here it's also a hot tub
because it has this massage and air
bubbles
option so in a lot of countries you
might call it jacuzzi
but jacuzzi is actually a brand so the
correct word for this kind of bathtub is
a hot tub now here we have a towel
you can just put it on your bathtub or
you could put it on your towel rack
and by the way if you're staying in a
hotel normally you would have four
towels per person let's talk a little
about the products that we have over
here we have
a shampoo it's for your hair and this is
what you start with
and then you move on to hair conditioner
this is something that helps your hair
stay
shiny this is used to wash your body and
there are several words that you can use
you can just call it a soap you can call
it liquid soap you can call it body wash
or you can call it shower gel shower gel
i need to scrub off 10
layers of shame now let's move on to our
sink section this is called the sink
this is where you brush your teeth wash
your face
and this system is called faucet
sometimes you can call it tap
normally you have your tab in the
kitchen this is the faucet
and you have a mirror now let's take a
look at some core
products that we have in the bathroom
this is your toothbrush
and this is just a regular toothbrush
you can also have an
electric toothbrush you have your head
and you have your
toothbrush itself what you put on your
toothbrush
is called toothpaste this product is
called
cotton rounds and you can use it to take
off your makeup there's another product
i have to bring it from the kitchen mom
and this
is called a cotton bud now girls you're
gonna be excited we're gonna
talk a little about makeup a brow gel
so something that you brush your brows
with we have our
mascara here your eyelashes
right mascara then we have our deodorant
this is my face cream and it has a
sunscreen
inside so face cream and if i wanted to
protect me from the sun then it has a
sunscreen
this is lip balm there's a difference
between a lip balm and a lipstick
lipstick has a color lip balm doesn't
have a color
it's just nourishing for your lips hair
dryer
something to dry your hair with this
thing is called
a razor something you
shave your hair with razor that dad's
razor
here we have our toilet the toilet seat
and if you want to
flush the toilet you just press this
handle
we have a toilet paper as we have it for
our teeth
oh it's dirty toilet brush
something to clean your toilet with so
something we have below the toilet is
called
drain and sometimes we had it in a
previous airbnb
the drain became blocked with something
and whenever you tried to flush
the water level just rose it was kind of
dangerous and
didn't smell well but then we fixed it
and we fixed it with a device that i'm
going to show you right now
if your drain is blocked then you use
this
toilet plunger to help fix
the problem toilet plunger by the way
guys whenever you have
any questions about the right way to
call something you can always just
type in on amazon something that you're
looking for and then amazon would
provide you with different images
and then you will see whether you're
looking for right thing or not because
again
faucet is something you would use in the
bathroom tab
something you would use in the kitchen
so there is the slight difference
that i want you to be aware of and
amazon can definitely help with that
googling something and looking at the
images is the great way
to learn a language to learn new words
and also make sure
you have the right understanding what
the word actually means
now here we have something that's really
popular in california this is called
epsom salt this is salt that you put in
your bath and you soak
in the water you soak in the bath and
there is this uh
you know kind of activity when you're
asking someone what are you going to do
tonight
i'm just going to soak in my bathtub
with epsom salt
epsom salt helps you relax your muscles
and this is why we even have
two different types here and every day
epsom salt have gone missing
if this bathroom was bigger i would have
it in my bathroom but here the bathroom
is really small so we just keep it in
our bedroom
this is called a laundry bag this is
where you put your dirty clothes
because otherwise they would be just
scattered around your apartment
or around your house and then you just
bring it to your laundry room where you
wash everything there are a couple of
things
left that i wanted to show you so here
we have our towel
hook you can hang your towels here then
in the ceiling we have an air vent
it helps the air from the bathroom go
away
so you're not stuck in this mist and fog
when you're showering
whenever you're coming into the bathroom
and leaving the bathroom you have this
light switch
and another light switch and the last
but not the least what we have in our
bathroom
is a bathroom trash can so it's the same
word as for the big trashcan that you
would have in your kitchen or
outside your house this is just a
bathroom trash can it's a little smaller
that was it from me for today guys let
me know if you like this format
i really enjoyed teaching you words
related to a bathroom and i really
enjoyed showing you around an american
bathroom thank you so much guys for
watching this video up to the very end
if you're not yet subscribed to my
channel please hit the button down below
and subscribe
and i will see you very soon in my next
videos